Seriously Reduce the Verbosity of the KFS Logs
======================

This git repository represents the University of Arizona (the UA)'s _Seriously Reduce the Verbosity of the KFS Logs_ modification to **KFS 3.0**, in the form of patch files (generated by svn diff), liquibase scripts, and documentation.
This "patch package" is designed to be informative to technical developers in the position to
apply patch files to the java source code of KFS. In order to better serve such an endeavor,
this README contains several informative sections:

* <a href="#jiras">List of Jiras</a> - This list contains every Jira ticket at the University of Arizona
  that relates to this modification. It provides reverse documentation back to the developers at
  the UA in case of questions regarding how this patch package was created.
* <a href="#liquibase_changesets">List of Liquibase Changesets</a> - This list contains any
  liquibase changeset files that were associated with this modification.
* <a href="#patch_files">List of Patch Files</a> - This is a list of each patch file that needs
  to be applied to the KFS source code in order to realize the modification. This list does _not_
  include patch files for revisions that didn't touch the `trunk/` at the UA.
  Before a modification was merged with `trunk/`, it may have been tweaked, reworked, refactored,
  code reviewed, etc, in handfuls of revisions in a feature branch.
* <a href="#rice_patch_files">List of _Rice_ Patch Files</a> - This is a list of each _Rice_
  patch file that needs to be applied to the Rice source code in order to realize the
  modification. This list does _not_ include patch files for revisions that didn't touch
  `rice/branches/ua-release-3/` at the UA. Before a modification was merged with
  `rice/branches/ua-release-3/`, it may have been tweaked, reworked, refactored, code reviewed,
  etc, in handfuls of revisions in a feature branch.
* <a href="#revisions">List of Revisions</a> - This list contains every revision associated with
  this modification. Many of which, as you will see, only touch files in a feature branch. The
  revisions that actually made it into the actual modification touch files in `trunk/`. The list
  of patch files is a better reference of which are these revisions.

<h2><a name="jiras">Jiras</a></h2>

This is a list of Jira tickets at the University of Arizona that relate to this modification. The subversion revisions tagged against each such jira are also listed:

* **KITT-2995**: (The first jira ticket for this modification)<br />
  revisions: #22761, #22977
* **KFSI-6054**: (The second jira ticket for this modification)<br />
  revisions: #22965, #22977, #23082, #23165
* **KFSI-6166**: (The third jira ticket for this modification)<br />
  revisions: #23541, #23704, #23705, #23706, #23707, #23712, #23780
* **KFSI-6285**: (An addendum to KFSI-6166)<br />
  revisions: #23703, #23708

<h2><a name="liquibase_changesets">Liquibase Changesets</a></h2>

There are no liquibase changesets associated with this modification.

<h2><a name="patch_files">Patch Files</a></h2>

This is a list of all of the patches for revisions that affected files in `trunk/`. The filenames in each has been modified, for easy digestion. UA's subversion server manages many Kuali projects in one Subversion project, so a file path like:

```
financial-system/kfs/trunk/src/org/kuali/kfs...
```

has been modified to:

```
src/org/kuali/kfs...
```

* [`patches/22761_KITT-2995.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/patches/22761_KITT-2995.diff) is the patch file for #22761.
* [`patches/23082_KFSI-6054.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/patches/23082_KFSI-6054.diff) is the patch file for #23082.
* [`patches/23705_KFSI-6166.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/patches/23705_KFSI-6166.diff) is the patch file for #23705.
* [`patches/23706_KFSI-6166.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/patches/23706_KFSI-6166.diff) is the patch file for #23706.
* [`patches/23707_KFSI-6166.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/patches/23707_KFSI-6166.diff) is the patch file for #23707.
* [`patches/23712_KFSI-6166.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/patches/23712_KFSI-6166.diff) is the patch file for #23712.
* [`patches/23780_KFSI-6166.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/patches/23780_KFSI-6166.diff) is the patch file for #23780.

<h2><a name="rice_patch_files">Rice Patch Files</a></h2>

This is a list of all of the patches for revisions that affected files in `rice/branches/ua-release-3/`. The filenames in each has been modified, for easy digestion. UA's subversion server manages many Kuali projects in one Subversion project, so a file path like:

```
rice/branches/ua-release-3/impl/src/main/java/org/kuali/rice/kns/...
```

has been changed to:

```
impl/src/main/java/org/kuali/rice/kns/...
```

* [`rice_patches/22965_KFSI-6054.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/rice_patches/22965_KFSI-6054.diff) is the patch file for #22965.
* [`rice_patches/23704_KFSI-6166.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/rice_patches/23704_KFSI-6166.diff) is the patch file for #23704.
* [`rice_patches/23705_KFSI-6166.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/rice_patches/23705_KFSI-6166.diff) is the patch file for #23705.
* [`rice_patches/23706_KFSI-6166.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/rice_patches/23706_KFSI-6166.diff) is the patch file for #23706.
* [`rice_patches/23703_KFSI-6285.diff`](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/rice_patches/23703_KFSI-6285.diff) is the patch file for #23703.

<h2><a name="revisions">Revisions</a></h2>

This is an ordered list of revisions that relate to this modification. There may not be a patch
file for every revision listed below for the following reasons:

* A revision might only affect a branch, perhaps one where development primarily took place. Any
  changes that finally made it into `trunk/` will be seen in revisions that specifically touch
  files in `trunk/`. Therefore, we do not create patch files for revisions that only affect a
  branch.
* A revision might only include a liquibase changeset that is executed by some automated process.
  Since each institution maintains different revision controls on their database, liquibase
  changesets are not provided as patches. They are instead presented as intact files under the
  `liquibase-changesets/` directory.

[Here](Seriously-Reduce-the-Verbosity-of-the-KFS-Logs/blob/master/patch_log.txt) is a printout of `svn log -v` for each revision.

*   \#22761 was committed against KITT-2995 on 2011-11-07 23:22:46 UTC by <strong>srawlins@CATNET.ARIZONA.EDU</strong>.

    > KITT-2995 Changing the severity levels on a number of classes, in log4j.properties.
*   \#23082 was committed against KFSI-6054 on 2011-12-01 21:09:19 UTC by <strong>srawlins@CATNET.ARIZONA.EDU</strong>.

    > KFSI-6054 bumping 3 warning levels from default to WARN, and changing a bunch of LOG.info's to LOG.debug's
*   \#23705 was committed against KFSI-6166 on 2012-01-17 00:58:49 UTC by <strong>srawlins@CATNET.ARIZONA.EDU</strong>.

    > KFSI-6166 Removed some bare newlines in log statements or exception messages.
*   \#23706 was committed against KFSI-6166 on 2012-01-17 00:59:20 UTC by <strong>srawlins@CATNET.ARIZONA.EDU</strong>.

    > KFSI-6166 Changed some LOG.info's to LOG.debug's.
*   \#23707 was committed against KFSI-6166 on 2012-01-17 00:59:48 UTC by <strong>srawlins@CATNET.ARIZONA.EDU</strong>.

    > KFSI-6166 raising PerformanceLogger to WARN
*   \#23712 was committed against KFSI-6166 on 2012-01-17 17:32:02 UTC by <strong>srawlins@CATNET.ARIZONA.EDU</strong>.

    > KFSI-6166 Changing some LOG.infos to LOG.debugs
*   \#23780 was committed against KFSI-6166 on 2012-01-23 18:46:44 UTC by <strong>srawlins@CATNET.ARIZONA.EDU</strong>.

    > KFSI-6166 Changing some LOG.infos to LOG.debugs; changing DocumentTypeResponsibilityTypeServiceImpl's level from INFO to WARN

<h2><a name="files">Files</a></h2>

Files **modified** for this modification (11 files)

    /build/external/log4j.properties
    /work/src/com/rsmart/kuali/kfs/cr/dataaccess/impl/CheckReconciliationDaoOjb.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/module/ld/batch/EreSweepStep.java
    /work/src/edu/arizona/kfs/module/ld/service/impl/EreSweepFileHandlerHelperImpl.java
    /work/src/org/kuali/kfs/module/ec/document/validation/impl/EffortCertificationDocumentRules.java
    /work/src/org/kuali/kfs/module/ld/batch/service/impl/LaborPosterServiceImpl.java
    /work/src/org/kuali/kfs/module/ld/document/SalaryExpenseTransferDocument.java
    /work/src/org/kuali/kfs/module/purap/document/PurchasingAccountsPayableDocumentBase.java
    /work/src/org/kuali/kfs/sys/batch/Job.java
    /rice/branches/ua-release-3/impl/src/main/java/org/kuali/rice/kns/util/MaintenanceUtils.java
    /rice/branches/ua-release-3/impl/src/main/java/org/kuali/rice/kns/web/struts/action/KualiRequestProcessor.java

